+++
title = "Crashing Into a Wall"
date = "2018-04-02T01:00:20+02:00"
tags = ["Creating My Company"]
categories = ["Diary"]
banner = "img/blog/veronique-wonderwoman.jpg"
alt = "Veronique Wonder Woman hits her First Wall"
author = "Veronique Robitaille"
+++

### Where I'm at

Well, let's try and keep our heads screwed on.  When it's a bad day, you tend to see everything in black.  So, let's try and be objective.  My ERP is ready to go, I've been using it to manage my projects and do some accounting.  It's not the best thing I've ever encountered, it's actually quite disappointing but in the world of free open source ERP systems, you're actually quite limited.  At least now it's on the Internet instead of just a VM on my computer.  VM actually is a Virtual Machine.  It's the second time I write about it without taking the time to explain, many non techs out there.  On your computer, you install 1 OS.  But what if you could install many, one Windows, one Linux and one Mac OS.  This way you have the features of all of them.  And the advantage VMs is that they can all be working at the same time.  So I could install one VM for my web server, another one for my MySQL database and the last one for my desktop.  A Virtual Machine is simple an OS that runs on shared (with other OS) hardware.  So 1 machine is like having 3 but in the end paying only for 1.  OK, back to the serious stuff.  Today is a very bad day, I'll tell you about it later, but it's giving me a negative eye on everything that is going on.  I've got my website finish at 75%, maybe a bit less, but it's up and running.  I've got my file server system in place.  I've started to build a How To database, many of my template outlines are done, my Market Research and Analysis are all ready to go, I have two interns coming in (hopefully) and maybe two more that is still unsure.  I have the beginning of two partnerships I'm working on.  And a last one, but big one, I have found someone who can recruit AWS Consultants for me, at least present their candidature.

### The Wall
Today I hit a wall, total discouragement.  There is someone I was stuck on hiring and she is just showing no motivation what so ever even if I'm actually offering to pull her up professionally, do a x 5 on her salary in less than 5 years and enter an booming industry.  Some people make it some don't.  The ones who don't will say that the ones who do have better university degrees, are more intelligent or are just lucky.  But no, the ones who make it see opportunities go by and jump on them.  They might not all work out, but at least you go for it.  So it's knowing a opportunity is presenting itself and actually taking the time to investigate it.  When I started my career in IT, it was an amazing opportunity that presented itself.  And in the IT world my career exploded, I had fun, I kept getting promoted, learned so much and did so many things.  If I had said no, it's to hard, to much to do, I'll just keep being a waitress in a crappy restaurant, then I would be just like her, struggling to survive in my mid thirties.  But I still think she has it in her to make it, so I'm very disappointed.  And then my intern that was starting on Wednesday has most likely found another internship and won't be coming.  I had everything ready for him, another disappointment.  I must admit interns are really not professional.  They are still immature and don't take responsibility for what they say and commit to.  Some apply, you send them back a mail to pursue and they never answer.  You wonder why they bothered applying in the first place.  Anyway, I could go on on this for a while.  Also discovered some nationalities are really not motivated and others are.  You might want to call it racism, who knows, but in the end I want motivated people like me.  People that want to move forward, want to learn and don't spend most of their free time in front of the television.  And, the thing that made me finally hit the wall... I couldn't log into my ERP with another browser!  Such a simple thing, but that was it for me.

### Next
I've been working every day for the past 2 to 3 months since I've started this project.  For a reason that's not important here, I have slept very little, often up at 2 or 3 in the morning working until 10 at night.  I think I need a break, so tomorrow I'm going to take some time to do some administrative work!  Wait a minute, you call that a break?  Well yes, you can't imagine all the other things I've put aside all this time, things I'm too embarrassed to speak about.  So now, 5 kilos more, house is a mess, laundry is done when my husband complains he has no more underwear and my eating habits have gone down the drain, hence the 5 extra kilos.  Tomorrow, up at 6:30, doctors appointment at 8, go get my Tourist Renting License, and... OkOk, I'll be back at work after that.  But still a small break.  What next after this wall hitting, have I learned a lesson?  Not sure, I still have so much work to do, I would say get organized but as a project manager you can't imagine how organized I am.  I already have my New Employee Check-list.  If I need to do something at least twice, then I quickly write the instructions or create the template or whatever needs to be done so not to waste as much time the second time around.  I don't want to write out my To Do here, it would just be boring for you.  Right now I really need to speak to Marjorie, she is an experienced sales representative in IT that can help me identify the number of leads a sales person can handle and what the conversion rate should be.  With this, I can finalize my financial plan and know where I am going for the next two years.

### Help
I have help from all over the place.  I started alone on this and turns out I have a very large network of very competent people that can provide very useful information.  500 links on LinkedIn is a lot of people.  I should go over them, I think that's what I'll do tomorrow and try and get more information for my Market Researches.  

### Good Bye Switzerland and Good Bye France but Hello Spain
I've officially excluded these two countries from my scope.  France for more than one reason, but the main motivation is to avoid conflict with one potential competitor.  It is easier this way.  Anyway, I think the Swiss aren't the most opened to doing business with non national companies and France is a bit to political and hierarchy bound.  Might as well aim for business where we will be welcomed.  At first I had excluded Spain from my scope, my Spanish not being good enough, but I'm seriously reconsidering.  Who cares if I talk like a 5 year old, in the end customers are buying my services not my language skills.  If they can make an effort half way, then I will too.

### The Sun after the Rain
All in all, I'm OK.  Hit a rough patch, but still very motivated, just not as confident.  But who cares what I think is going to happen, I'm still gonna go for it.  I have 6 years of hell to catch up from, so I deserve success and I'm not afraid of failure, just afraid of boredom.  

### Recruitment
Looking for a highly motivated sales representative.  You can be a junior, I don't mind at all training you.  I even like it better that way.  You can come from another sector, I will still give you a chance just like I was given a chance, but you better be ready to learn and you better know how to sell ice to an Eskimo.  As for interns, my rather short experience with you guys is not very positive.  Now I'm actually afraid at how bad is it going to be when they do work.  I keep hearing horror stories about Millennials.  On the phone they usually sound so motivated!

How do I feel?  ... like crap...
